---
title: "A Guide of building vtk"
date: 2025-08-20 15:58:30 +0800
categories: [Programming, VTK]
tags: [vtk]
---

# MacOS

On macos, we need a lot of tools to build vtk. First, we need command line tools. If you haven't installed them yet, we can run the following command in the terminal:

```bash
xcode-select --install
```

This will prompt you to install the command line tools. Follow the instructions to complete the installation.
Next, we need to install homebrew, which is a package manager for macOS. If you haven't installed it yet, you can do so by running the following command in the terminal:

```bash
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
```

then, we can use homebrew to install the necessary dependencies for VTK. The most important one is `cmake` and `ninja`, which is used to configure the build options and build the project. We can install it by running the following command:

```bash
brew install cmake ninja
```

We can also install the optional dependencies for VTK. like qt, and python... if you want to use some of the features in VTK like warping python or integrate qt functions, you can install them by running the following command:

```bash
brew install qt python ...
```

After installing the dependencies, we can download the source code of VTK. You can download it from the official website or clone it from the GitHub repository. For example, you can run the following command to clone the repository:

```bash
cd <your_vtk_directory>
git clone --recursive https://gitlab.kitware.com/vtk/vtk.git
cd vtk
mkdir build
cd build
```

***Don't forget to replace `<your_vtk_directory>` with the actual path where you want to clone the VTK repository.***

then we can configure the build options. VTK uses CMake as its build system, so we need to run the following command to configure the build options:

```bash
ccmake -GNinja ..
```

This will open a CMake GUI where you can set the build options. You can enable or disable the features you want, such as Python support, Qt support, etc. After setting the options, press `c` to configure and `g` to generate the build files.

Finally, we can build VTK by running the following command:

```bash
cmake --build . -j<number_of_cores>
```

***Don't forget to replace `<number_of_cores>` with the actual number of cores you want to use for the build. This will speed up the build process.***

then, we can install VTK by running the following command:

```bash
sudo cmake --install .
```

then the installation is complete. You can find the VTK libraries and headers in the `lib` and `include` directories of the installation directory.