---
title: "Anti Sex, Anti Gender"
date: 2025-11-09 00:00:00 +0800
categories: [Diary]
math: true
---

Pull the memory back to our childhood, we had no idea about gender at the beginning of our cognition, We just played with all kids without any discriminations. The only weird thing was just some kids With long hair liked to play with dolls, while some kids with short hair liked to play with cars. We just thought that was personal preferences, and we didn't care about it and played happily together without any bias. What a great time!

However, as we grew up, our parents and teachers told us to distinguish boys and girls and treat them differently. They said boys should be strong and brave, while girls should be careful and gentle, and told boys to do more physical works. Gradually, there formed an iron curtain between so-called boys and girls. 

The mutation happened at the middle school. During that period, different hormones began to shape our bodies to different directions, which made boys and girls look more and more different. The worse thing was that some weird changes happened in our minds. we began to feel strange when we played with kids of the opposite gender. We began to feel shy when we talked to them. Some kids even began to have some special attractive feeling toward some kids of the opposite gender. All these changes made us feel confused and scared. We didn't understand why these changes happened to us, and we didn't know how to deal with them. But eventually, the iron curtain had some chinks. 

**It would be so lucky if I took dutasteride at 15 years old, but there is no another branch of life.**

Gradually, some students got into relationship approximately at the era of high school, and the attraction between two genders became a commonsense among us. If that is all, there should be no matter to me because I can use inner politics to forbid a romantic relationship. However, the most terrible thing happened! pornography eventually was found by me from the internet at the age of 16. Once that happened, there was a magical desire to the porn. eventually, my first masturbation happened at 16, and things went out of control. So, I definitely support the action of anti pornography from the government!

Once the masturbation starts it speedy formed addiction. From once a week to three times a week, eventually reached once a day at the 2th year of university. the negative effects of masturbation was slight but subtle enough to be overlook at first. Just the neglect caused a disaster. Day by day, masturbation changed my mind. My brain became a sexual connection brain, I always correlated something to sex. I began to feel sexual repressed. Luckily, at the very beginning I realized a belief that not to get married and have no children, which made me not to pursue a romantic relationship, which was a silver lining in the midst of misfortune. Then, I went through a sexually repressed period for about two years. During that period, I tried to negotiate with my inner parties which support sex. However, those opposition took my great proposal to peace into trash bin.

Finally, I decided to take radical action to end this sexual repression. I knew that the cause of sexual desire was androgens, so I decided to take anti-androgens to suppress the effects of them. I chose **abiraterone acetate**, which can block the synthesis of androgens, and **dutasteride**, which can block the conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone, and **spironolactone**, which can block androgen receptors. After taking these epic medicines, my sexual desire was greatly reduced, and I felt no attraction to anyone. What a huge success!

Actually, the first intention of taking such drugs was to get back into the status of childhood, to be free from the bondage of gender and sex. However, the results is a bit different. After many years of sexual repression, my mind has been deeply affected. Meanwhile, the social culture also plays a role in the anti-sex stage. Therefore, after taking anti-androgens, Expected situations of getting along well with both genders fairly did not happen. Instead, **gender isolationism** took the predominant position. I was upset at first of that I couldn't go back to the childhood status, but gradually I accepted this new status because in the modern society, gender isolationism is useful and helpful ideology. So, I embraced this new ideology and became an advocate of gender isolationism.

So, If you is struggling with sexual repression, I suggest you try to take anti-androgens follow right medical advice from doctors to suppress your sexual desire. Although it may not bring you back to the childhood status, it can help you to reduce the negative effects of sexual desire and embrace a new ideology of gender isolationism. Believe me, it is worth trying!